#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.13.0
    # via mkdocs-material
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via mkdocs
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
comm==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
csscompressor==0.9.5
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==2.0.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.1
    # via nbformat
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==0.36.4
    # via mkdocstrings-python
htmlmin2==0.1.13
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
idna==3.4
    # via requests
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
ipython==8.16.1
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
jsonschema==4.19.1
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupytext==1.15.2
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
markdown==3.4.4
    # via
    #   markdown-include
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-include==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-exclude
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-minify-plugin
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.5.0
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-exclude==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-jupyter==0.24.5
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==9.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.2
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-minify-plugin==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocstrings[python]==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.7.1
    # via mkdocstrings
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
paginate==0.5.6
    # via mkdocs-material
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via mkdocs
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
pymdown-extensions==10.3
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mkdocs
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.8.8
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via mkdocs-material
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.10.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
urllib3==2.0.6
    # via requests
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.8
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
